Trading sim

3 stocks to choose from

user selects what stock to trade and at what quantity and price.

users money depletes based on total order value. 


add screen states struct and create basic UI



v0.01 - 

Current state - user can navigate UI and switch between various menus, they can also view a portfolio menu that shares their current 'account' cash amount. 
                User can see all stocks avaialable to buy and sell but without any action avialable or pricing model yet. 
                User can create an order, stored in an array of type Order which is indexable via the order ID.

TODO: complete sell and buy menus with accosiated order handling menu that takes user input and creates Order based on input. 


current state - above +
                User can create an order, stored in an array of type Order which is indexable via the order ID.

TODO: refine order menus, properly handle user input and errors associated. handle order type i.e. buy or sell, start working on Orderbook matching system. 


current state - above + matching engine complete, user can create matching buy and sell orders that will manipualte user.cash; last orderprice stored as well.

TODO: add support for partially filled order across multiple price points, CREATE ORDER COMPLETE SCREEN AND ORDERFILLED SCREEN - IMPORTANT. 

current state - bot defs complete, bot functions need completing. 

TODO: add support for partially filled orders, create order complete and orderfilled screen. write bot decision making funciton and index finder funciton. (prob need to study trading strategies for this).
            bot order creation funcitons need writing  - how can the bot know what price and quanitity it wants for its order ??!!!.


current state - getting bots to create buy orders

TODO: above + create recent_avg value and price history for more accuracy in bots, continue with more strategies. 
                QUESITON: all bots where trading different quantities at the same price. why is this, they are all on same strat at the moment but should still have varience due to personality trait values.
                

current state - working simulator

TODO: make super clear to user what is going on behind the scenes. want to avoid multithreading and so therefore needs to remain a tick by tick program. need to find a way to display to user what current order status is 

        -- also, create order cancel function. add return to main menu button when creatying order that cancels any order in progress etc. 
        -- make sure orders do not build up in the book when user enters multiple sell/buy (or make clear to user that orders are not filled because not amtching order is yet avaialable)
        -- show user current order status. i.e. filled, waiting to be filled. (potentially and order filled not screen so user is made aware when order is filled) -- can do this with flags for bool values attrivuted to order status, need to ass order status. 

        